[16.0][ADD] report_alternative_layout (#45)
OCA/l10n-japan: report_alternative_layout/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

Go to *Settings > Technical > Reporting > Reports*, and open a report of your choice, and
update the following fields as necessary.

- Apply Alternative Layout: If selected, the alternative layout will be applied in the
  printed report.

> - Show Commercial Partner: If selected, the commercial partner of the document partner
>   will show in the report output (instead of the document partner).
> - Set the Paper Format field to 'A4 - no company address in header.'

Reviewer: To be consistent with style, and also to make it in the right order (important ones first).

```suggestion
- Paper Format: Select 'A4 - no company address in header' if Apply Alternative Layout is selected.
- Show Commercial Partner: If selected, the commercial partner of the document partner
  will show in the report output (instead of the document partner).
```
